*vim-wrap.txt*  Automatically setup all things needed when entering wrap mode

Authors: Dorian Ivancic <dorian.ivancic@gmail.com>
License: MIT

This plugin checks for Vim version 7+.

INTRODUCTION                                     *vim-wrap*

Vim-wrap is a plugin which automatically sets all the required settings when
entering or leaving wrap mode (i.e. ':set wrap' and ':set nowrap'). By default
it sets mappings for j, k, $, ^, 0, <Down>, <Up>, <End>, <Home> in Normal and
Visual mode to allow navigation through the wrapped lines. When nowrap is set
mappings are restored to default ones. It changes whichwrap (allows navigation
to the next line with cursor keys) and showbreak (removes anything in it).

It also remaps the <Down>, <Up>, <End> and <Home> in Insert mode. However,
there are some known bugs about those. Check the bottom of the plugin source
for the explanation.

That being said see hardmode plugin (ref. https://github.com/wikitopian/hardmode)

Plugin is non intrusive meaning it will not do anything by default unless you
explicitly tell it to. See |vim-wrap-options|.

*INSTALLATION*                                      *vim-wrap-installation*

There are several installation options. I recommend with pathogen.vim (ref.
https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen) like this:

  cd ~/.vim/bundle
  git clone https://github.com/divancic/vim-wrap

Once help tags have been generated, you can view the manual with ':help
vim-wrap'.

ON-EVENT                                          *vim-wrap-on-event*

By default Vim wrap will not be fired automatically when you manually change
the state of wrap (with e.g. :set wrap, :set nowrap, :set wrap!). If you need
it to be fired automatically put 'g:vim_wrap_fire_on_wrap_option_change = 1'
in your vimrc.

You must have Vim version 8+ for this to work.

COMMANDS                                          *vim-wrap-commands*

Commands will be made available if you have 'let g:vim_wrap_define_commands = 1'
in your vimrc.

:Wrap                                             go to wrap mode
:NoWrap                                           go out of wrap mode
:ToggleWrap                                       toggle the state of wrap mode

MAPPINGS                                          *vim-wrap-mapping*

If you put 'let g:vim_wrap_use_default_wrap_toggle_key_mapping = 1' in your
vimrc it will map ToggleWrap to <leader>w. 

*VERBOSE*                                           *vim-wrap-verbose*

If you'd like to be notified when entering/leaving wrap mode put the following
in your vimrc 'let g:vim_wrap_verbose = 1'.

OPTIONS                                           *vim-wrap-options*

|'g:vim_wrap_fire_on_wrap_option_change'|           fire a plugin on ':set
                                                  wrap', ':set nowrap' or
                                                  ':set wrap!'
|'g:vim_wrap_use_default_wrap_toggle_key_mapping'|  set default keymap for
                                                  wrap toggle (<leader>w)
|'g:vim_wrap_define_commands'|                      define :Wrap, :NoWrap
                                                  and :ToggleWrap ex-mode
                                                  commands
|'g:vim_wrap_verbose|                               let the user know when
                                                  wrap setting changes

vim: set sw=2 ts=2 sts=2 et tw=78 ft=help:
